{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red117\green117\blue117;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22440\viewh9220\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs32 \cf0 See attached files.\
\
Please let me know if you have any questions.\
\
I have attached the Layered PSD files. You should be able to make individual buttons, backgroung image. for every item required and use the fonts attached to create header titles and regular text.\
\
You will use google maps as always for the map/game view.\'a0\
\
For text boxes use the regular XCODE boxes when you create.\'a0\
For slider bars use the ones in XCODE when you create\
For in game use the footer buttons Progress, Time, Score, account, home as indicated in 7ingame.psd\
For out of game use Race, Create,\'a0Score, account, home as indicated in 7.psd\
\
Ad will be on every in game screen. Regular size and from apple IAD.\
\
Option to remove ads for 5$ in app purchase ( set in DB)\
\
4 types of questions. Multiple choice, issing Letters, True or False or check in.\
\
See attached and let me know if you need anything else?\
\
\
A few notes to add\
\
1. Login page / start page\
\
If you look at the draw something login screen. That is the best way to do a login page. Facebook login, login as guest and login as user. All with remember me option.\
\
2. Race. Change race to "Go" and when you show MAP VIEW. show filter options button and search bar at top and use icons to list races on the map. When a race is tapped show race information. Make this page look clean and nice.\
\
Everything else is as is on the race document
\fs24 .
\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \
}